So this is the container that contains our links and such bar should expand and collapse according to
the collapse wearable inside it.
We are funding the container with the class of input group and a width of seventy five percent.
Inside the container we have a lot of text input which well-you is bound to do Webo search term below
that text input.
It's a span which acts as the search button.
The user can search either by hitting enter or clicking the spell itself.
Moving on
below the search is in the RV.
It takes up the full weight of containing the if this def contains links that are useful navigation.
The next item over here will change the route that the U.S. is currently on and also collapse the mobile
menu.
But it is quick.
Now we've created an item in an ordered list it shows a drop down when it is clicked.
This item will be positioned to run most of the screen when the screen size is larger than medium.
The list item contains a link which toggles the drop down when clicked the link will show the text accounts
when no user is signed in
to dropdown link is the actual dropdown itself.
Items is drop down the collapse the drop down and collapse the Mohamedi as well.
The profile and lockout page will only be visible when the user is not locked in at the drop down item
is a regularly Adam should collapse the mobo menu but it is clicked after the router.
We create our folder
Fouda here has an idea of mine for also has a green color of dark blue and has a copyright text centered
inside.
In this we do set up the neph bar in the future for angular app and unless we do we set it up and get
a router that changes the page displayed according to the user is currently on.